[aws/bootstrap] Implement Bootstrap User Account (#66)
cloudposse/terraform-root-modules: aws/bootstrap/README.md

# bootstrap

This module provisions an AWS user along with a bootstrap role suitable for bootstrapping an AWS multi-account architecture as found in our [reference architectures](https://github.com/cloudposse/reference-architecutres). 

> This user and role are intended to be used a **temporary fixture** and should be deprovisioned after all accounts have been provisioned in order to maintain a secure environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These user and role are intended to be used as a **temporary fixture** and should be deprovisioned after all accounts have been provisioned in order to maintain a secure environment.
```
